10 Best Cat Ear Headphones [2023] - Headphonesty                                                                                                                                                                                     10 Best Cat Ear Headphones [2023]   By Updated on May 2, 2023        Cat ear headphones    Here’s a rundown of the 10 best cat ear headphones that will make you feel all kawaii    NameConnectivityLEDMicPrice      Best OverallUSB-AYBoom    Strong Runner-UpUSB-AYBoom    Best for KidsBluetooth 5.0 & 3.5mm wireYIn-line    Budget Pick for Kids3.5mm wireYN/A    Budget Pick for AdultsBluetooth 5.0 & 3.5mm wireYBuilt-in    Best for Gaming3.5mm wireYBoom    Best Wireless Connection StabilityBluetooth 5.0, UCB-CYBuilt-in    Most Durable3.5mm wireNIn-line    Best Noise IsolationBluetooth 4.0 & 3.5mm wireNBuilt-in    Best LED lights3.5mm wireYBuilt-in    Headphones nowadays come in different shapes and sizes.
Some may look more like your average headphones but some are much more unique — perhaps with flashing LEDs and cat ears.
Kitty headphones or cat ear headphones have gained popularity through the years and you may want one for your own reasons.
More than that, once you find out which cat ear headphones are the best, all you really have to do is choose.
How Did the ‘Cat Ear Headphones’ Phenom Start?
Cat ear headphones trace their roots to the Japanese concept of .
An animé artist named was working on an animation where she started designing cat ear headphones.
Together with her co-founder and then best friend, Victoria Hu, they sought to make these cat ear headphones a reality and set the wheel in motion.
Eventually, the campaign became a huge success, hitting the goal way out of the park with a funding of $3,429,046  The cat ear headphones are close to becoming a reality!
“A year ago in 2014, at this time, I was frantically trying to resolve the Axent Wear manufacturing issue… My best friend at the time, and co-founder of Axent Wear (Victoria Hu), had promised to provide manufacturing for the headphones but when I actually visited the factory she had set up, I found out it was a horrendous sweatshop with workers breathing lead.
Birth of the cat ear headphones market After learning about the whole situation, reached out to Yan with a partnership proposal at hand, particularly to help Yan in the production of the headphones.
Brookstone had the capacity to deliver on the promise of high-quality production, while cat ear headphones already had the attention of major media outlets.
Fast forward to October 30, 2015, the first pair of Axent Wear Cat Ear Headphones was finally shipped to the backers.
Some people prefer to call it neko headphones.
Those less inclined toward the Japanese language often call it the kitty ear headphones.
Unfortunately, Brookstone’s supposed capacity to deliver high-quality headphones didn’t pan out well.
In an effort to make the special headphones happen with a limited budget, most models turned out faulty and had to be returned.
Aside from brands like Razer, personalities such as  and  also contributed to the rise of cat ear headphones.
Pewdiepie wearing cat headphones (From: ) You might be interested:  How to Pick the Best Cat Ear Headphones Whether you are an otaku, streamer, gamer, or just someone who wants to wear something uniquely cute on your head, cat ear headphones would be a great addition to your look.
Design The design is the biggest buying factor for cat ear headphones because it is their defining feature.
After all, cat ear headphones without the cat ears are just, well, your typical headphones.
Different manufacturers design and integrate the cat ears of their products differently.
Some cat ears can be thick, some can be pointed, while some can even be soft and fluffy.
Another defining feature of cat ear headphones are their LED lights.
LED lights are often placed on the ear cups, on the headband, on the mic, or even on the cat ears themselves.
The LED light isn’t there just to illuminate the headphones.
If you like this idea, then you need to get headphones that offer adjustability in this department.
Color Changes Some kitty headphones allow you to change the colors you see around the headphones.
Headphones today typically have RGB lights which, through combinations, can result in around 12 more colors.
In some headphones, you can also change the colors through the buttons.
Like changing the color, you can also change light modes through a companion app or through button combinations on the headphones.
Some headphones may limit you to around 2-3 patterns but if you want more choices, you can get headphones that allow for more light modes.
This syncs the lights of the headphones to the stream so that whenever someone reacts to the stream, the lights would blink or change colors.
As the name suggests, this mode is where the lights on the headphones would follow the music being played.
Since this is still technically a light mode, you can access this through a companion app or perhaps a button on the headphones.
However, this feature is quite advanced so don’t expect all of the kitty headphones out there to have this.
RGB Lighting for gaming accessories (From: Pexels)      Connectivity & Compatibility Cat ear headphones sold today can come in , and each one has its own advantages and disadvantages.
Wired headphones tend to provide higher sound quality than wireless ones.
This is because manufacturers of wired headphones can allot more budget to developing sound quality without thinking about spending for wireless technology.
Furthermore, wired headphones use analog signals that can handle more data than digital signals like Bluetooth.
With wired headphones, you also wouldn’t need to worry about battery life.
On the other hand, wireless headphones offer freedom of movement and portability.
But, Bluetooth headphones get access to some of the  like multipoint connectivity and Bluetooth tracking.
Wired and wireless headphones also have different devices they are compatible with.
Wired headphones can connect to different devices depending on the type of jack that they have.
Headphones today usually come in a 3.5mm jack but there are those that have interchangeable connections that can accommodate even USB ports.
The more options the headphones offer, the better.
Wireless headphones, especially those powered by Bluetooth, are a little bit more flexible.
Bluetooth headphones can connect to any device that is Bluetooth ready — which is basically any smartphone, tablet, or even laptop out there.
For example,  is easier said than done because you can’t just plug in or connect the headphones and expect it to work.
Sound Quality For cat ear headphones, design is the priority and sound quality is only second to that.
But, that doesn’t mean that you should go and buy anything that’s a sorry excuse for headphones — sound-wise.
Let’s admit it, you won’t find studio-quality headphones with cat ears on them.
Still, you should look into some specific sound factors when deciding on which headphones to buy.
You want headphones that are clear and accurate enough — as simple as that.
Clarity refers to how much detail you could hear through the headphones.
Good clear headphones will help you hear every syllable of the vocals and every sound made by the instruments properly.
If you’re using your cat ear headphones for gaming, having surround sound would be very helpful.
Volume Limits Because of their cute design, cat ear headphones appeal to kids.
As the name suggests,  is a feature that prevents headphones from exceeding a safe level of listening volume.
Noise Cancellation This is one of the latest features you can find in high-end headphones today.
To solve this, some noise-cancelling headphones have different modes to let users control how much outside noise they want to let in.
Razer Headphones (From: Pexels)      Mic Quality These days, a lot of people, including you, are relying on the internet to communicate with people.
Luckily for you, it’s not unusual to find cat ear headphones with mic/s so your concern now is on the quality.
Headphones with built-in microphones often have the mic system integrated along the wire.
For wireless headphones, built-in microphones are usually positioned on the ear cup.
Comfort can be a deciding factor whether the cat ear headphones you got are worth it or not.
Cat ear headphones prioritize looks over anything — including comfort.
For comfort, you should look into the headphone’s adjustability, weight, and size.
So what does this mean for headphones?
The more adjustable the headphones are, the higher the chances that you would find a comfortable combination of settings.
Generally speaking, headphones with good adjustability would at least allow the following:  Rotatable ear cups – This feature helps with getting the right angle to fit the ear cups properly around or on your ears.
The most common replaceable parts are the paddings of the headphones  Weight Weight is also a crucial factor in comfort.
If you use heavy headphones for hours while gaming or watching a movie, don’t get surprised if you wake up the following day with a strained neck.
The added weight of the cat ears themselves can make this tricky for kitty headphones.
Even without the cat ears, headphone manufacturers already have a challenging time creating lightweight headphones.
Ideally, headphones should weigh below 0.55 lbs.
The weight of the headphones is also related to their clamping force.
If your headphones are heavy, the weight would pull the whole thing down and the clamping force would have to compensate in order to keep the ear cups in place.
With proper clamping force, the headphones would feel lighter.
Size Cat ear headphones have a very diverse market that includes both kids and adults.
Because of this, some kitty headphones are kids-size and no amount of adjustment will make these amenable for adults.
Lucky for you, headphone brands would declare whether their headphones are for kids or for adults.
Kid wearing headphones while gaming (From: Pexels)      Who Are Cat Ear Headphones For?
Cat ear headphones may have started out as a novelty item for Neko fans or otakus, but it sure isn’t limited to them now.
Cat ear headphones are also popular among kids today and that’s not necessarily because they watch anime.
Kitty headphones are simply cute and comical which makes them at home on kids’ heads.
10 Best Cat Ear Headphones in 2023 Razer Kraken Kitty RGB USB Gaming Headset  Best Overall  Close look at Razer Kraken Kitty RGB USB Gaming Headset (From: Amazon) Key features  Connectivity: Wired USB-A Microphone: Boom w/ Active Noise Cancellation Battery: N/A LED Lights: Yes – Razer Chroma Surround Sound: 7.1 Other Features: Cooling gel cushions, streamer companion app  When you talk about cat ear headphones or headphones in general, you just couldn’t avoid talking about Razer and their Kraken Kitty.
The  is the cat-eared representative of the notorious .
The Kraken line features Razer headphones for gamers on a budget.
If you’re interested in some of these non-cat ear headphones, you can check out our review for the  and the .
The Kraken Kitty are wired gaming headphones that connect through a USB-A type of connection.
If you’re more of a wireless person, you’ll be glad to know that these headphones also come with a Bluetooth-ready variant.
These headphones feature  LED Lights from ear cup to cat ears.
Onto the cons, the Kraken Kitty seems to lack functionality as it does not have the on-ear mute button that the other Kraken headphones have.
It is also noticeably big and heavy especially with the addition of the cat ears.
SOMIC G951  Strong Runner-Up  Close look at SOMIC G951 (From: Amazon) Key features  Connectivity: Wired USB Microphone: Boom Battery: N/A LED Lights: Yes – Breathing LED Light Effect Surround Sound: 7.1 Other Features: Passive Noise Cancellation, Vibration System, Detachable cat ears, Self-adjusting headband, on-ear controls  Next on the list is the .
Not only do these wired headphones come with detachable cat ears, but they also come with a long list of features too!
These headphones feature on-ear controls where you’ll be able to switch off the vibration and LED light, dial-up or down the volume, and mute the microphone.
The headphones also feature a self-adjusting headband as compared to the more common snap-lock type.
The G951 aren’t the only cat ear headphones from SOMIC — there’s also the .
Riwbox CT-7S Cat Ear Bluetooth Headphones  Best for Kids  Close look at Riwbox CT-7S (From: Amazon) Key features  Connectivity: Bluetooth 5.0 or Wired (3.5mm) Microphone: In-line Battery: 5 hours LED Lights: Yes – Music Sync Surround Sound: N/A Other Features: Volume Limit, Foldable, On-ear controls  The first and best kid-friendly pick on this list are the .
For parents looking for cute cat ear headphones for their kid/s, you can start here.
The Riwbox CT-7S are great headphones with multiple connectivity options.
The headphones’ LED lights are on the cat ears themselves with a music sync effect.
The LED lights can easily be turned on or off through the on-ear controls on the left earcup.
Being headphones for kids, the CT-7S features a volume limit of 85db — which is just the right volume for your little ones.
The headphones are also light and foldable making them great for your road trips and vacations with your kids.
That said, these headphones are not as durable as the ones that adults ususally choose.
iClever Kids Cat Ear Headphones  Budget Pick for Kids  Close look at iClever Kids Cat Ear Headphones (From: Amazon) Key features  Connectivity: Wired (3.5mm) Microphone: N/A Battery: N/A LED Lights: Yes – 3 Light Modes Surround Sound: N/A Other Features:  Food grade silicone, tangle-free chords, Warranty  Here’s another one for the kids — and by this, we mean for parents.
These headphones are simple but complete enough, plus you won’t need to go above $20 to get them!
The iClever Kids Cat Ear Headphones are wired headphones that can connect to any device that can accommodate a 3.5mm jack.
They feature LED lights on their cat ears and the light modes can be changed by tapping the back of the ears.
These headphones are loaded with kid-friendly features.
Apart from the 85db volume limit, the entirety of the frame of the headphones are also made out of food-grade silicone instead of metal.
The iClever Kids Cat Ear Headphones come with an 18-month replacement warranty.
The headphones also do not offer a strong clamping force so you might find your kid occasionally bringing these back up.
TCJJ Cat Ear Headphones  Budget Pick for Adults  Close look at TCJJ Cat Ear Headphones (From: Amazon) Key features  Connectivity: Bluetooth 5.0 and Wired (3.5mm) Microphone: Built-in Battery: 10 hours LED Lights: Yes Surround Sound: N/A Other Features:  Foldable, SD Card Slot, On-ear controls  Here’s another budget pick — and for the adults this time.
The TCJJ cat ear headphones are over-ear headphones powered by Bluetooth 5.0.
The headphones have a 10-hour battery life making them good for gaming, and casual use.
These foldable headphones have LED lights that fill the cat ears and the paw print design on the ear cups.
The TCJJ cat ear headphones’ mic is bad so if you’re thinking of using these for calls, then you’re better off looking away.
Edifier HECATE G2 II  Best for Gaming  Close look at Edifier HECATE G2 II Pink Cat Ear Gaming Headset USB Wired Headphones (From: Amazon) Key features  Connectivity: Wired (3.5mm) Microphone: Boom Battery: N/A LED Lights: Yes – Breathing lights effect and color change Surround Sound: 7.1 Other Features:  Soft leather padding, Detachable cat ears, 50mm audio drivers, EDIFIER Gaming Center  Who says you can’t look kawaii while gaming?
The  are cat ear headphones with a set of features built for gamers.
If you’re looking to replace your gaming headphones with something that’s more comical and (perhaps) less-threatening, these could be what you’re looking for.
They also feature 7.1 surround sound that would let you detect your enemies from all directions — these are gaming headphones after all.
The Edifier HECATE G2 II aren’t exactly bright and colorful unlike some of the headphones in this list.
These headphones’ LED lights are limited only to the HECATE logo on the ear cups.
The absence of noise cancellation, passive or active, puts a dent in these headphones’ quality.
Overall, they are great budget alternatives to the Razer Kitty headphones because of their similarities in look and sound, but they are still leagues away from each other overall.
YOWU 3G  Best Wireless Connection Stability  Close look at YOWU 3G Cat Ear Headphones (From: Amazon) Key features  Connectivity: Bluetooth 5.0 or USB-C Microphone: Built-in Battery: 48 hours LED Lights: Yes – customizable RGB and 4 light modes.
Surround Sound: 7.1 Other Features:  Companion app, Supports aptX, passive noise cancellation, 40mm drivers  As cat ear headphones rose to fame, so did other novelty headphones and the  proves that.
These fox ear headphones show us that cat ear headphones have now grown into a category already rather than a specific type of product.
Apart from cat and fox ear headphones, they also have the .
Onto the YOWU 3G, these Bluetooth 5.0 headphones can easily connect to any Bluetooth-ready device from your smartphone to your tablet.
Bluetooth 5.0 provides a stable connection and — not to mention — the headphones also support the aptX codecs.
The LED lights on the YOWU G3 are placed on the fox ears and on the ear cups.
Other features include a massive 48-hour battery and soft PU leather ear paddings that provide passive noise cancellation.
iClever BoostCare  Most Durable  Close look at iClever BoostCare Cat Ear headphones (From: Amazon) Key features  Connectivity: Wired (3.5mm) Microphone: In-line Battery: N/A LED Lights: N/A Surround Sound: N/A Other Features:  Volume Limit, In-line controls, Heat-resistant and food-grade built  Here’s another one from iClever!
The s are kid-friendly wired headphones packaged in a heat-resistant and food-grade frame.
These headphones are the most durable on this list so if you’re looking for something that won’t tear when you wear them, these would serve you well.
The iClever BoostCare Cat Ear Headphones are very flexible.
The cable on these headphones features a 3.5mm jack so they’re easily compatible with laptops, smartphones, and some gaming consoles as well.
Instead of pause or volume buttons, the headphones feature a multipurpose button as well as a volume switch.
The volume switch is primarily used to adjust the volume limit of the headphones since you have two options: 85dB or 94dB.
Unlike the majority of the products we’ve listed out here, there are no LED lights anywhere on the headphones.
The cat ears are made out of a flexible non-toxic material while the ear cups simply feature a printed cat silhouette design.
Unfortunately, these headphones may be physically durable but that’s just about it.
Censi Moecen  Best Noise Isolation  Close look at Censi Moecen Wireless Cat Ear Headphones (From: Amazon) Key features  Connectivity: Bluetooth 4.0 or Wired (3.5mm) Microphone: Built-in Battery: 10 hours LED Lights: N/A Surround Sound: N/A Other Features:  IPX4 rating, Passive noise cancellation, 40mm drivers  They’re sleek, they’re adorable, and you won’t hear a single thing when you have them on.
If you’re looking for cat ear headphones that can double up as an effective passive noise cancelling headphones, then the  are what you’re looking for.
Unlike other cat ear headphones that usually cater to gamers, the Censi Moecen accommodate leisure and comfort.
Instead of blinking LED lights and colorful designs, these headphones feature detachable cat ears and Korean protein leather paddings.
Because of that, these headphones have great noise isolation for a soulful day in bed listening to your favorite music.
You can choose from the wireless or wired version of these foldable headphones.
The headphones also feature 40mm drivers for a bigger sound.
The built-in microphone on these headphones are not that good and you would end up sounding like you’re underwater.
Axent Wear Wireless Cat Ear Headphones (2021)  Best LED Lights  Close look at Axent Wear Wireless Cat Ear Headphones (2021) (From: Amazon) Key features  Connectivity: Bluetooth or Wired (3.5mm) Microphone: Built-in Battery: 30 hours LED Lights: Yes – 12 color options and 6 light modes Surround Sound: N/A Other Features: Speaker cat ears, fast charging  Now, for those of you who want something that’s bright and loud, the  are a fitting choice.
Apart from having LED lights with 12 color options and 6 light modes, you’ll also find some interesting features in these headphones.
First up, cat ear speakers — yup, you read this one correctly.
These cat ear headphones’ cat ears are far from ordinary.
Plus, the speakers also light up together with the headphones’ ear cups.
The Axent Wear Wireless Cat Ear Headphones (2021) allow two connectivity options: wireless and wired.
They also have a 30-hour battery with fast charging that can fully juice up the headphones in 1.5 hours.
Also, at 1.01 lbs (460g), heavy is an understatement for these headphones.
Notable Mentions There are a lot of cat ear headphones out there today and some good ones just missed the cut for our 10 best.
However, not being in the top 10 does not mean the headphones are horrible already — it just so happens that some may have exhibited more desirable qualities.
Brookstone Wireless Cat Ear Headphones Close look at Brookstone Wireless Cat Ear Headphones (From: Amazon) The OG of all cat ear headphones.
Without the help of Brookstone, we will never know if the cat ear headphones market is valid.
The first official version of these headphones were the .
Both the wired and wireless versions have the same look and feature the cat ear speakers, but they also have some key differences.
The first version was wired while the current Brookstone Cat Ear Headphones are wireless.
Also, the wired version only had single-colored LED lights whereas the wireless version feature RGB LED lights already and allowed users to change colors or effects.
The wired headphones also have a boom mic while the wireless version’s mic is built-in.
The colors available are:  Green Purple Orange White Red Yellow Pink  Removable Ear Version  If you love the wireless set but somehow want the flexibility to remove the cat ear, Brookstone got you covered with this – .
The removable cat ears have a more subtle and rounded look.
Mix-Style NEKOMIMI Cat Ear Headphones Close look at Mix-Style NEKOMIMI Cat Ear Headphones (From: Amazon) The Mix-Style NEKOMIMI cat ear headphones have a solid sound and build, suitable for the sloppy user and savvy audio buff.
But unlike the Censi Moecen’s, the cat ears of these headphones are built into the headband.
However, these headphones aren’t designed for calling since they don’t have a mic.
Even so, it’s no longer safe, especially for kids, to use headphones with over 100db volume for over 15 minutes.
MindKoo Unicat Close look at MindKoo Unicat (From: Amazon)  has been designing affordable headphones and speakers for a while and consistently getting good reviews.
Their recent offering, the wireless headphones, is probably one of the best cat ear headphones under $30.
The wireless cat ear headphones come in six vivid color combos.
But each can emit only one color light, unlike the other cat ear headphones.
Conclusion Cat ear headphones have really risen to fame in the past years, but there’s really nobody to blame here.
Whether you’re a diehard otaku, a fashionable gamer, or just a parent looking to give their kid something cute, cat ear headphones just get it, don’t they?
These cute and stylish headphones quite literally add some color to our lives and some have been exceeding our expectations in terms of sound quality.
We’re fortunate enough to choose from so many of these headphones today.
We were supposed to get a deal on the headphones but instead Brookstone made the backer price the target price which resulted in them cheeping out on the quality.
achlys says:       gezee i wanna buy the censi headphones but I can’t find a trusted shop that would ship to the Philippines       Leave a Reply Comment * Name *  Email *           Sponsor  Recent Posts                       Related Articles         By          By          By          By          By          By          By          By          By          By          By          By          By          By          By          By               The week's best headphones news, sent right to your inbox.